i was diagnosed with um appendicitis and
i came to the emergency room here and
then when I found out that I had
burkitt's lymphoma my parents talk I
guess I really know exactly what
happened and we decided to come here
when we learned that our son had cancer
because we live in New York City we
understood that we had many many choices
many options there are lots of terrific
treatment centers in New York terrific
hospitals and we started to do research
we started to figure out who in the city
would be best suited to really entrust
our son to we went to a couple of
different hospitals in the city and
decided on Morgan Stanley Children's
Hospital I think we felt most
comfortable here the nurses and the
doctors they really explain things to me
and yeah and also people came around
like a guitar person laying a massage
therapy which I really like
my son has become a huge fan of massage
since his treatment hey chemotherapy and
so I think there are two week cycles and
four of them and so are we going for a
week and get treatment and then I would
go out for a week and and maybe come
back in depending on how out my if I had
a fever or not and I think that was four
months I think it was two weeks ago to
two weeks no two weeks out two weeks in
on a week out what oh I see but you were
sleeping through a lot of it yes the
doctors were available to us 24 hours a
day either on the phone or by email and
we're always very very responsive when
your child has cancer you always have
many many questions cancer is scary and
there's a huge fear of the unknown and
we're just regular people who don't know
about cancer so getting educated to us
was super important it would help us
really mitigate a lot of the fear that
we had certainly we couldn't mitigate
all of the fear that we had but we could
we could get rid of some and the doctors
and nurses were really instrumental in
doing that and the I think the treatment
that they chose for my son was it turns
out it was the right treatment that they
chose but we had a lot of faith in the
doctors they would really clue us in on
on what they were thinking and how they
were thinking about it and allowed us to
be as involved as we wanted to be in the
process in the end we came to this the
decision to go to Morgan Stanley
children's hospital because a we felt
that the quality of care that they
offered was top in the city and to we
felt that the doctors
who we had interacted with thus far and
who would be taking on Hebrews case not
only were the most qualified in the city
but also they had a sincere they cared
they were sincere they met with Avery
they spoke with Avery and really the
whole package was important to us and I
think that at Morgan Stanley Children's
Hospital we were getting the whole
package I think it was two or three
months right two or three months after
your trip after my treatment I played
football for my second year tackle
football and that was my best year I
ever had I scored a lot of touchdown
squared 11 touched is the most in the
whole league not on not on the team but
actually actually in the whole league of
all kids from Brooklyn and Queens
you